fix: Links (#5124)
jeremylong/DependencyCheck: README.md

License
-------

> Permission to modify and redistribute is granted under the terms of the Apache 2.0 license. See the [LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/jeremylong/DependencyCheck/blob/main/LICENSE.txt) file for the full license.

Author: > In my view the links for notice.txt and license.txt should be kept at the raw.githubusercontent.com links. My expectation for such a link is that I get the notice.txt / license.txt (raw content), not a github repository page focused at the file. -- @aikebah 

Makes sense, the only reason I made them is so that it doesn't lead to a black hole: that is, you can navigate away from the page, sideways in the repository, not just backwards to look at other files too.

Plus you get a ton of extra info:
 * when was it last updated
 * who updated it
 * you can navigate to commit to see how it was updated
 * the license summary from GitHub's UI

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2906988/206191405-b63d993f-6e14-4a38-bd02-ff6782dfa568.png)

Notice that these links are for humans, not bots trying to download the file's contents.

Reviewer: However they are also for humans that 'right-click >> save as' in order to store the license used. If you link to 'the license' you might want to link to the page, if you link to 'LICENSE.txt' as we currently do in the docs, the link should point to a text-file, not an HTML page.

> Permission to modify and redistribute is granted under the terms of the Apache 2.0 license. See the [LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/jeremylong/DependencyCheck/blob/main/LICENSE.txt) file for the full license.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Permission to modify and redistribute is granted under the terms of the Apache 2.0 license. See the [LICENSE.txt](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jeremylong/DependencyCheck/master/LICENSE.txt) file for the full license.
```
